well everybody we're on the Judah pal
map for our battlefront zombie mod
series and we are going to win yes and I
will and I will not well I'll try not to
come Chris I probably will pull him
Chris but hack lies that was a first in
life once in a lifetime experience and
it was still awesome to feel how do you
like getting pwned no hacker you hacking
I got a key the audience saw it was
legit no people please tell chris i
wasn't hacking p.m. us and then p.m.
personal message I know wouldn't good
thing common no comments he just to
leave it color leave a comment if you
think and I was not hacking cuz i was on
aking the audience saw the video I could
not have any extra buttons on my thing
and so I couldn't hear keyboard but the
audience does don't your keyboard and
the only way for them to tell would be
like how could i use aimbot without a
gun swim to me that yeah i'm on my
secondary weapon all right i got you i
need it to left there's mammal I'm gonna
air strike with the duck I forgot this
jet packs not for a jump I mean it's for
jumping up for flight I need my damage
increase do you know what they should
add what crawling zombies
there may as well just play nazi zombies
poom I'm getting pretty good with his
lightsaber ok I'm pretty good with this
rifle nice si hey how you start time
from the guy who killed you last game
hey do not look at the path oh I'm gonna
look at the past I'm gonna hold that
over your head for the rest of your
gaming life I'm retiring from gaming
tomorrow good how are you still going to
be a part of the channel I don't know
I'll hire somebody to do boy no nobody
can replace you Chris that zombie
actually picked up health and you shot
me I was going for to him that was going
fast ow horrible ah why did I what you
shot me and then they were starting to
get close and then uh I didn't get it
did you you lucky I don't have aim bot
or I would just walk right back up and
hit you in the face right let me get up
and we're gonna win in 20 bucks ok ok
sir Sindelar yeah but this is not funny
anymore are Danish 00 I will defend
myself Chris ah alright that was
exciting back to the scoreboard let's
see 52 and 11 09
and one and one so that's the master
character sign off